Nobody liked Saban. He had walked into a dark room, ripped off his shirt and found himself at the epicentre of a video montage, rendering himself susceptible to violent street attacks. The kind of aggression that you would never expect existed. Or at least, not towards yourself. This was the kind of aggression that leaves your self questioning its own existence and who you think you really are. Are you the product of what others make you? Or both? Saban had always tried to stay away from violence. He did not take well to confrontation. Usually, he would let something build up, expanding outwards further and furthermore until it would eventually explode. Indefinately, all hell would break loose. At that moment. And a single moment is all it takes to end a world. 

 ''It is known, scientifically, that our universe is expanding at an accelerating rate, but the cause of this growth remains a mystery. The most likely explanation is that a strange force they refer to as dark energy is driving it.'' He would then take a deep breath. ''There was some kind of big bang, supposedly from a singularity, though now they don't believe this to be the actual beginning of the universe. Just a big bang, thats all'' Just as the cracks in the wall were multiplying with no sign of any plaster around to seal the spreading labyrinth, i thought to myself, ‘your rhetoric is starting to bore me.’ Alongside the lack of plaster there was an accompanying lack of fresh air, despite the half open window. A recatngular ash wood table stood beneath a collage of magazines and packets of empty tobacco. Was that a fucking cockroach disappearing under the table leg ….? Desperation is one thing but I wasn’t going out on a limb for this cunt pacing up and down the room. 'Of course, you could argue that the universe has always been here and always will be, i offered half heartedly to show some kind of recognition at least. The last words seemed to echo through my pulse over and over for a few beats until Saban blocked them abrubptly with a seemingly loud retort. 'But thats impossible! Or is it?' Quoting various theorists such as Penrose and Hawkins...it felt like i was being used as some kind of navigational tool for its own self sustaining interest. A vessel for manifestation of someone elses quest. If i was not there would he be talking to the wall? I took a sip from the glass of red poison on the table. Then another larger one. It was making me tired. Or was it the drone of his voice? As he spoke i couldn't help but notice the uneven hairs at the end of his beard straggling out from their nest as if trying to escape from their own distorted mother. Visions of snipping them off with nail clippers appeared to me, providing great comfort, momentarily as they were. As i continued to roll another cigarette, cursing myself for lack of self control as my lungs cowared beneath my chest, he stopped abruptly mid sentence and looked towards me. I couldn’t help but notice the half moon shine through the space between the blind and the open window whilst recalling an extract from an article i had read earlier that day about the moon being in the last quarter of the lunar phase. A black moth fluttered sporadic drumbeats against a corner of the bamboo. I remembered that i hate moths. It appeared to be trapped between the burgandy lamp and the blind shade. I felt the presence of Sabian rising from his chair and coming closer as i realised i was lying down on the couch with a small mass of tobacco ash resting upon my bare chest. 'Never assume that people know what you are talking about,' He smiled deeply. The words separated from themselves only to come back together. A long slow exhale through my nose and the cloud of grey intrusion vanished. Absorbed by the very air itself. With my eyes closing over, the same dark universe closed in from all around. I had a recollection of being part of something much greater, Saban was leaning over me, the lights went out.Lights out …the cancer not only attacks the host but also those around it. Although he may have never directly suffered from the disease itself he would have always suffered indirectly from the havoc it had reaped on those around him. ‘It can affect us all.’ he cried into the empty audience of darkness. ‘You do not need to contract a disease in order to suffer from it’ The lonely crowd applauded as if their hands were on fire. They continued to gather and they still continue to gather. It was in the gathering that he bore witness to the demons. The demons not only within himself but also within the others. They were now flocking amidst their long awaited mating season as he stood there helpless, subservient to the surrounding forces of the demon representation. At least, that is how he momentarily perceived it. Disregarding the fact that he was actually the demon king himself, lord of the darkness, within the spiral of it all he fell to his knees and realised what this had meant. He would repeat this motion over and over again until his presence was required elsewhere. The motion that is dependant upon whatever comes directly before it. The circular cycle. Though each time the cycle completes itself, it begins again at a different starting point… Lights on…as I focused on his words I could feel the cold breath of his hands kneeding my shoulders round and round from behind me. The light was on again, only dimmer this time. On further recollection, it could have been the lamp. The burgundy one by the window. I raised myself onto my elbows as i realised I was on the couch. Saban was gone and the remains of red wine stained beneath the scattered magazines. 
 
 She comes to him in many forms. He can recognize her now. At first he had no idea. Nothing seemed out of the ordinary. Only that it felt like he was falling in love too much. With too many people. A certain kind of longing. A special love that reminded him of a place he had been before, perhaps in a previous life he considered. Regardless of the relationship he would be in at the time, she would appear over and over again in her other guises. Once he thought he had confronted her, she would soon dissolve only to reappear in another temporary form. Constantly revealing herself only to openly reject his advances was a disturbance that left him empty with rage. As she became harder to catch she would remain for shorter periods of time within her host. As time went on her existence would slowly disappear from contention. Life became cold and mundane without her around whilst at the same time he would savor the peace and freedom from her antagonistic presence. He could breathe easier, longer, deeper. As the days walked by he had almost rid her from his mind completely. It was when he was standing in the queue at the supermarket checkout when he suddenly realized that the world could be a much darker place than he had imagined. There she was. Staring straight at him with those lucid brown eyes as he searched around his pocket, fumbling through the coins. Those burgundy sandals. Her feet were stood with one foot turned slightly in. He recognised that pose. He remembered the sandals. But from where he could not quite place. Clutching her mother’s hand. Trying to catch his eye for a second time. What was she thinking? The concept of adaptation reared its Darwinian head. 'Flexibility stems from phenotypic plasticity, the ability of an organism with a given genotype to change its phenotype in response to changes in its habitat, or to move to a different habitat.' The urge to fall to his knees with his head in his hands was weighed against lifting up his young assailant and fleeing to a place of safety. He did neither. He remembered what it had meant to be happy from previous events in his life as he stood there disappointed beneath his crumbling mortality. Realization of what he had become. Unable to detach himself from the longing of contentment he forced a meek smile towards her and waved his hand. Younger women were much easier to approach. More able to understand him. Just a child. Open to the madness of non-societical behavior. Freedom to not care about how others will react to the words that fall out of your mouth. Was she making it easier for him? Or could she be trying to tell him something? 
